Readme update (#1883)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: README.md

1. Ibexa Website: https://ibexa.co
1. User documentation: https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide

## How to contribute

If you want to contribute to the documentation, you can open PR in this repository.

If you'd like to see Ibexa DXP in your language, you can [contribute to the translations](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/resources/contributing/contribute_translations/).

### Contribute to API reference

REST API Reference is located in the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html`
and is generated automatically by the RAML2HTML tool.
It is based on `*.raml` files located in `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/input` directory that you can edit in your editor/IDE.

After you modify relevant files in the input folder, you can generate an HTML file from repository root (this step can also be performed by one of the Tech Writers during PR review): 

`php tools/raml2html/raml2html.php build --non-standard-http-methods=COPY,MOVE,PUBLISH,SWAP -t default -o docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/output/ docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/input/ez.raml`

In case of errors, look for mistakes in RAML file, for example, double apostrophes.

> Move `rest_api_reference.html`  from the output folder to `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/` root.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move `rest_api_reference.html`  from the output folder to `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/` root.

See tools/raml2html/README.md for more.

```

Author: But PR mentioned by you is still open, we can add a link to it once it's merged

# Ibexa DXP Developer Documentation

This repository is the source for the [developer documentation for Ibexa](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest),

> a DXP platform that is based on the Symfony Full Stack Framework in PHP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a digital experience platform that is based on the Symfony Full Stack Framework in PHP.
```

Since we have DXP just before this instance, and P in DXP stands for platform, we migh as well expand the acronym.

# Resources

1. Ibexa DXP Developer Hub: https://developers.ibexa.co
1. Ibexa DXP Repository: https://github.com/ibexa/oss
1. Open JIRA board: https://issues.ibexa.co
1. Ibexa Website: https://ibexa.co
1. User documentation: https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide

## How to contribute

> If you want to contribute to the documentation, you can open PR in this repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To contribute to the documentation, you can open a PR in this repository.
```

> If you'd like to see Ibexa DXP in your language, you can [contribute to the translations](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/resources/contributing/contribute_translations/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you'd like to see Ibexa DXP in your language, you can [contribute to the translations](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/resources/contributing/contribute_translations/).
```

### Contribute to API reference

> REST API Reference is located in the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html`
> and is generated automatically by the RAML2HTML tool.

Author: ```suggestion
The REST API Reference is located in the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html` 
file, which is generated automatically by the RAML2HTML tool.
```

> REST API Reference is located in the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html`
> and is generated automatically by the RAML2HTML tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The REST API Reference is published as the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html` 
file, which is generated automatically by the RAML2HTML tool.
```

> It is based on `*.raml` files located in `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/input` directory that you can edit in your editor/IDE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is based on `*.raml` files located in the `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/input` directory that you can edit in your editor/IDE.
```

After you modify relevant files in the input folder, you can generate an HTML file from repository root (this step can also be performed by one of the Tech Writers during PR review): 

`php tools/raml2html/raml2html.php build --non-standard-http-methods=COPY,MOVE,PUBLISH,SWAP -t default -o docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/output/ docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/input/ez.raml`

> In case of errors, look for mistakes in RAML file, for example, double apostrophes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of errors, look for mistakes in the RAML file, for example, double apostrophes.
```

Move `rest_api_reference.html`  from the output folder to `docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/` root.

See `tools/raml2html/README.md` for more information.

## Build and preview documentation

To build and preview your changes locally, you need to install Python along with its package manager (`pip`).

> Other required tools will be installed by `pip` using the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other required tools will be installed by using the following command:
```
